# Sudoku_JavaScript_html_css_etc
This is a Sudoku puzzle game that I created for a Web Programming class at UVU. There are five difficulty levels which, the harder the difficulty the more blank cells that the puzzle starts out with. My Sudoku puzzles are created with random numbers and a back-tracking algorithm. Generating our own puzzles was not required for the project, but I really wanted to make it work anyways. Having an infinite number of Sudoku puzzles to play through just makes it that much cooler :-D. This project uses some game features such as using Ajax for loading the puzzles, the player is able to check the board at any time for incorrect answers, a timer that tells how long the player has been working on the given puzzle, a high-scores list (fabricated) and a list of recent players using XMLHttpRequest and XML or JSON files, and also uses HTML5 Media features such as Audio Tags and Canvas functionalities for drawing simple graphics such as the title of the Screen "SUDOKU" floating in to the page from the top-right.. For this GitHub version I have deactivated the use of usernames and passwords checked through a server. This should be compatible with all major web browsers such as Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Chrome. If you download this and are attempting to try it out and run in to problems, try commenting out the lines of code in the .js files that use XMLHttpRequest as some latest browser versions have begun blocking these if they are coming from code "sidescripts" contained on your local hard drive. I think maybe I will comment these lines out anyways, just to make it easier for visitors to try out the game and see what I've created. To play Sudoku just download the entire folder on the "Download ZIP" link in the bottom right of the screen here. Open the folder containing all the files and open the file gameGrid.html and enjoy..
